README.md, before:

# Psynalisis - psychedelic data science
 Analysis of drug experiences downloaded from [erowid.org](erowid.org) (with the help of the script of [basnijholt](https://github.com/basnijholt/psychedelic-data-science)).

The following analyses are done: 

- Data exploration, visualization: 
    - word clouds,
       - Data prep.: done
       - Visualization on drug symbols: not done
    - vocabulary complexity comparison, 
       - Data prep.: done
       - Visualization (how exactly?): not done
    - [visualization of the words that are most unique to that drug experience as compared to the others](https://www.rehabs.com/explore/drug-experiences/):
       - Data prep.: done
       - Visualization on drug symbols: not done
- Sentiment analysis:
    - categorizing experiences into *positive, negative and neutral* groups, 
    - finding the significant emotions of the experiences.
- Classification:
    - grouping drug experiences based on the most frequent words in them, a.k.a. [topic modelling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topic_model), 
    - ...based on their sentiments, 
    - ...most significant emotions.

Creating a website to share these analyses.

Commit message:

Reformulating the project
Rewriting the readme and restructuring the project.

README.md, after:

# Psynalisis - psychedelic data science
This project is going to have three parts:

1. Analyzing drug-consumption survey [dataset](https://github.com/deepak525/Drug-Consumption).

   The following analyses is planned:

   - Data exploration, visualization. [ ]
   - [*Evaluating the risk to be drug consumer for each drug*](https://github.com/deepak525/Drug-Consumption) by giving manually input data. [ ]

2. Analysis of drug experiences downloaded from [erowid.org](erowid.org) (with the help of the script of [basnijholt](https://github.com/basnijholt/psychedelic-data-science)).

   The following analyses is planned: 

   - Data exploration, visualization: 
     - Data preparation [x]
     - Word clouds [ ]
     - Visualization on drug symbols [ ]
     - Vocabulary complexity comparison [ ]
   - [visualization of the words that are most unique to that drug experience as compared to the others](https://www.rehabs.com/explore/drug-experiences/):
     - Data preparation [x]
     - Visualization on drug symbols [ ]
   - Sentiment analysis:
     - Categorizing experiences into *positive, negative and neutral* groups [ ]
     - Finding the most significant emotions of the experiences [ ]
   - Classification:
     - Grouping drug experiences based on the most frequent words in them, a.k.a. [topic modelling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topic_model) [ ]
     - ...based on their sentiments [ ]
     - ...most significant emotions [ ]

3. Creating a website to share these analyses. 
   - Creating a website where users can fill the input parameters similar to the [above dataset](https://github.com/deepak525/Drug-Consumption) manually and they receive the risk to be drug consumer for each drug (in the seven category).
   - Adding sites to show the results of the above described sentiment analysis and classification problems.
